improve performance for reporting (#139)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: data-reconciliation-app/docs/adr/01-data-ingest.md

Q: Is there a better way to design our system to increase performance on reconciling and reporting?

> A: Probably! Our current design requires us to scan and read from the entire K-V store to generate a member's report. To improve the performance we have highlighted ways in our [improve-performance adr](./08-improve-performance.md). However, downside is that it will make the write-operation inefficient and as we have considered our data-reconciliation app to be write heavy, we have implemented the current approach which is write-efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: Probably! Our current design requires us to scan and read from the entire K-V store to generate a member's report. Please see further discussion here: [improve-performance adr](./08-improve-performance.md). We have considered the data-reconciliation app to be write heavy, therefore, we have implemented the current approach which is write-efficient.
```
